Create Get-WhiteboardsForTenant.md (#10305)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: whiteboard/whiteboard-ps/whiteboard/Get-WhiteboardsForTenant.md

---
external help file: WhiteboardAdmin-help.xml
Module Name: WhiteboardAdmin
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/whiteboard/get-whiteboardsfortenant
applicable: Microsoft Whiteboard
title: Get-WhiteboardsForTenant
schema: 2.0.0
author: srajabi
ms.author: shlevari
ms.reviewer:
---

# Get-WhiteboardsForTenant

## SYNOPSIS

Gets all the whiteboards associated with a tenant in a specified geography.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Get-WhiteboardsForTenant [-Geography] <String>
  [-IncrementalRunName] <String>
  [-ForceAuthPrompt]
  [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> Gets all the whiteboards in a tenant in a specified geography. Returns a list of whiteboard objects. The data returned is precalculated and therefore not realtime. Results are precalculated approximately every two weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gets all the whiteboards in a tenant in a specified geography. Returns a list of whiteboard objects. The data is pre-calculated approximately every two weeks and is not real-time.
```

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1

```powershell
PS C:\> Get-WhiteboardsForTenant -Geography Europe
```

Gets all the whiteboards associated with the caller's tenant in Europe as a list of whiteboard metadata objects.

> ### Output

Author: Changed to a real output with dummy values.

```yaml
baseApi:                   baseApi-value
id:                        whiteboardId-value
userId:                    userId-value
folioId:                   folioId-value
title:                     title-value
createdBy:                 createdBy-value
ownerId:                   ownerId-value
ownerTenantId:             ownerTenantId-value
isShared:                  isShared-value
createdTime:               createdTime-value
invitedTime:               invitedTime-value
personalLastModifiedTime:  personalLastModifiedTime-value
lastModifiedTime:          lastModifiedTime-value
globalLastViewedTime:      globalLastViewedTime-value
lastViewedTime:            lastViewedTime-value
meetingId:                 meetingId-value
eTag:                      eTag-value
```

## PARAMETERS

### -Geography

> Required. The geography to look for board owners in. Accepted values are: Europe, Australia, or Worldwide (all boards not in Australia or Europe).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The geography to look for board owners in. Accepted values are Europe, Australia, or Worldwide (all boards not in Australia or Europe).
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 1
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Applicable: Microsoft Whiteboard
```

### -IncrementalRunName

> Optional. Saves incremental progess as the cmdlet runs. Use to resume a partially completed run. Use the same RunName on later calls to continue a previously cancelled/failed run. Writes progress and results to .txt files in the current directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saves incremental progress as the cmdlet runs. Use to resume a partially completed run. Use the same RunName on later calls to continue a previously canceled or failed run. Writes progress and results to .txt files in the current directory:
```

 - "Whiteboards-*.txt" contains the incremental results containing whiteboard objects for the tenant where * is the provided RunName. 

>  - "WhiteboardAdminRun-*.txt" contains the state of the current where * is the provided RunName. This file should not be modified manually

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - "WhiteboardAdminRun-*.txt" contains the current state current where * is the provided RunName. This file should not be modified manually.
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
Applicable: Microsoft Whiteboard
```

### -ForceAuthPrompt

> Optional. Always prompt for auth. Use to ignore cached credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Always prompt for authentication. Use to ignore cached credentials.
```

---
external help file: WhiteboardAdmin-help.xml
Module Name: WhiteboardAdmin
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/whiteboard/get-whiteboardsfortenant
applicable: Microsoft Whiteboard
title: Get-WhiteboardsForTenant
schema: 2.0.0
author: srajabi
ms.author: shlevari
ms.reviewer:
---

# Get-WhiteboardsForTenant

## SYNOPSIS

Gets all the whiteboards associated with a tenant in a specified geography.

## SYNTAX

```powershell
Get-WhiteboardsForTenant [-Geography] <String>
  [-IncrementalRunName] <String>
  [-ForceAuthPrompt]
  [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

Gets all the whiteboards in a tenant in a specified geography. Returns a list of whiteboard objects. The data is pre-calculated approximately every two weeks and is not realtime.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1

```powershell
PS C:\> Get-WhiteboardsForTenant -Geography Europe
```

Gets all the whiteboards associated with the caller's tenant in Europe as a list of whiteboard metadata objects.

> ### Output

Reviewer 2: Please check how to format the yaml code to include the output in the following link:
Output

Author: Thanks for reviewing @dariomws. Applied changes to example output based on the document. The cmdlet is already included, just haven't been documented.
